New Windows Server 2022 image (#6645)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/hello-world-windows.md

- Orb usage is not supported on CircleCI Server v2.x (please view the [Using the Windows executor on CircleCI server](#windows-on-server) section for server usage.)

## Windows executor images
{: #windows-executor-images }

CircleCI supports Windows Server 2019 with Visual Studio 2019 and Windows Server 2022 with Visual Studio 2022. For information on what software is pre-installed on the Windows image, please visit the [Developer Hub](https://circleci.com/developer/machine/image/windows-server), or the [Discuss forum](https://discuss.circleci.com/). The Windows image page on the Developer Hub lists links to the most recent updates.

Details on the Windows Server 2022 image can be found on this [Discuss post](https://discuss.circleci.com/t/march-2022-support-for-new-operating-system-for-windows-executors-windows-server-2022/43198/1).

The Windows images are updated approximately every 30 days. If a tag is not specified when using the Windows image, by default the latest stable version will be applied. The tagging scheme for the Windows image is as follows:

> - Stable: This image tag points to the latest production ready Windows image. This image should be used by projects that want a decent level of stability, but would like to get occasional software updates. It is typically updated once a month.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stable: This image tag points to the latest production-ready Windows image. This image should be used in projects that need a decent level of stability, but would like to get occasional software updates. It is typically updated once a month.<br>
```

> The new `current` tag is available for Windows images and will eventually completely replace `stable`. Refer to the [Discuss forum](https://discuss.circleci.com/t/april-2022-windows-image-updates-available-for-stable-tags/43511) for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe put this note at the top of the list? Looks a bit odd part way through the list. Also should current actually be included in the list too?

      - run: Write-Host 'Hello, Windows'
```

Additionally, it is possible to access the Windows image directly in your jobs without using orbs:

```yaml
jobs:
  build-windows:
    machine:
      image: windows-server-2019:stable
      resource_class: windows.medium
      shell: powershell.exe -ExecutionPolicy Bypass
```

With that said, we strongly encourage using the [Windows orb](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/circleci/windows) as it helps simplify your configuration.

Note that in order to use the Windows Server 2022 image with the Windows orb in CircleCI cloud, it must be specified in the `executor` type, as shown in the following:
{: class="alert alert-info"}

```yaml
version: 2.1

orbs:
  win: circleci/windows@4.1

jobs:
  build:
    executor: win/server-2022
    steps:
      - run: Write-Host 'Hello, Windows'
workflows:
  my-workflow:
    jobs:
      - build
```

> From here we will use the version 2.1 syntax to discuss using the Windows executor, but if you're using Server, you can follow along with the executor definition syntax described above.

Reviewer: Maybe just delete this line?

From here we will use the version 2.1 syntax to discuss using the Windows executor, but if you're using Server, you can follow along with the executor definition syntax described above.

> ## Specifying a Shell with the Windows executor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Specifying a shell with the Windows executor
```
We don't capitalize "executor" in "Windows executor" elsewhere on the page so I don't think it needs to be capitalized here. We also don't need to capitalize "shell" here

         shell: cmd.exe
```

> **Note:** It is possible to install updated or other Windows shell-tooling as well; for example, you could install the latest version of Powershell Core with the `dotnet` CLI and use it in a job's successive steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** It is possible to install updated or other Windows shell-tooling. For example, you could install the latest version of Powershell Core with the `dotnet` CLI and use it in a job's successive steps:
```

## Example application
{: #example-application }

> Let’s consider a more advanced (but still introductory) "hello world" application using the Windows executor. This [example application](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-windows) still prints "Hello World" to the console, but does so using .NET core to create an executable, uses dependency caching, and creates an artifact on every build. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let us consider a more advanced (but still introductory) "hello world" application using the Windows executor. This [example application](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-windows) still prints "Hello World" to the console, but does so using .NET core to create an executable, uses dependency caching, and creates an artifact on every build. 
```

Let’s consider a more advanced (but still introductory) "hello world" application using the Windows executor. This [example application](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-windows) still prints "Hello World" to the console, but does so using .NET core to create an executable, uses dependency caching, and creates an artifact on every build. **Note:** If you are using Windows on CircleCI server, replace usage of orbs with a machine image as described in the previous code samples.

> You can view the entire configuration [here](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-windows/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml). It also includes browser and UI testing, but we'll focus on the `hello-world` workflow for now. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the entire configuration [here](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-windows/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml). It also includes browser and UI testing, but we will focus on the `hello-world` workflow for now. 
```

```yaml
orbs:

>   win: circleci/windows@2.4.0

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason this one didn't get updated to 4.1?

Author: Really only because the [example app](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-windows/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml) it refers to is still using the older version of the orb. I thought it might get confusing to not have the versions match. Otherwise I would have updated it too.

```

> Next, we declare orbs that we will be using in our build. We will only use the [windows orb](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/circleci/windows) to help us get started. This example uses the 2.4.0 version of the orb, but you may consider using a more recent verion.

Reviewer 2: Same question, is there a specific reason we continue to use an older version of the orb in some examples?
